today we are going to cook potato gnocchi with
cabrales sauce the ingredients will be
potatoes eggs flour cheese oil wine
white tin liquid salt and nutmeg
we put on our super apron
first of all let's start peeling
the potatoes in our case this recipe
We're going to do it for three people and
we will peel approximately 750
grams of potatoes
We put them to boil, we leave them to
so boil before
well in pieces
and we will have them boiling because you know
about 15-20 minutes depending on the
potato
once they are boiled potatoes
we are going to drain well
helping us with a colander
there they go
and now we're going to go through the
food mill
this process of mashing the potatoes
You can also do it with a
blender but good we have
used in this case the puree step
We are going to add this potato dough
3 eggs 1 2
and 3 and we're going to mix the set well
so that both elements are integrated
egg and potato
let's add a little piece of salt that
we will go throwing more if necessary
and our touch of nutmeg
we remove everything well
to mix
On the other hand, we are going to weigh the flour
let's see how much flour for this
amount of potato 230 grams
and we're going to incorporate it into the mix
of potato and egg
we have to move everything well so that it
there is a uniform mixture
on the other hand let's make the sauce
we put in a saucepan to heat cream
liquid that can be 16 in matter
of rasa or thirty-something that already as
you want
we're good in salsa and now we're going to
add half a glass of white wine
a normal white wine that you can
find in any supermarket
we add the half glass
and now the cheese we have chosen
the cabrales cheese although it is quite
powerful
when we will throw it then it depends on whether
you like cheese a lot or little if
you want me to know stronger or looser
we already see what we have
aggregate
we leave it there reduce
and now let's fill a sleeve
pastry with the mass of the year x
We fill it well and now only remains
meet him x
we will be doing cuts with the scissors
If the scissors sticks we can
wet a little in the water so that
keep cutting well
when the nikis are done the trick
is to throw them in the water
and when I go up it means
that are already cooked more or less in
Time is approximately 3 minutes
we have already known our year quiz
that as you can see enough has come out
and now it only remains to add that sauce
that we had reducing the cream sauce
white wine and cabrales is reduced and
we add gnocchi
and the result here you have a plate
very simple and very rich if you liked
subscribe and give likes bye bye